README.md, before:

### 4x4_led_matrix/
Control program for a simple 4x4 LED matrix device connected through the LPT port.
### browse_tree/
Browser/explorer for MIB style (e.g. `net.inet.ip.ipsec-expire-acquire=30`) trees. Allows searching and making notes about tree nodes.
### clib/
Library of C routines.
### cupiechart/
Piechart widget for GTK2.

![Screenshot of cupiechart test program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/cupiechart/screenshot.png)
### cxxcgi/
POC of C++ look-alike to Java Server Pages.
### dotfiles/
Various settings files.
### filemanager/
Really simple GTK2 file manager.
### home.bin/
Useful utilities.
### iobound/
Linux program which lists processes and tells whether they are I/O or CPU
bound, based on the number of voluntary context switches compared to the number
of involuntary context switches.
### lisp/
Simple LISP interpreter written in C.
### pcspkr_play/
Play a melody on the PC-speaker.
### phpage/
Simple homepage/blog engine in PHP.
### py_portio/
Python module for accessing I/O ports on UNIX systems.
### tools/
Tools for working with source code.
### clock.sh
Screensaver for terminal: displays a clock bouncing off walls.
### digital_clock.c
Firmware for ATMega8 uController for driving a simple 7-segment clock device.
### echohostnamed.c
Listen on a TCP port, tell our hostname when someone connects. (See also findhost.c).
### embed_python_example.c
Example showing how to embed Python inerpreter into a C program.
### env.c
CGI program which shows it's environment and stdin.
### findhost.c
Scan network for a machine with a particular hostname. (See also echohostnamed.c).
### gol.c
Very simple Conway's Game of Life implementation in GTK2.
### gtk_ssh_askpass.c
Program for password enquery.
### license.template
A template for the license I use for my code.
### ljbbsmilies.user.js
Adds the ability to use phpBB style emoticons when posting or commenting on LiveJournal.com.
### mandelbrot.c
Visualization of the [Mandelbrot Set](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandelbrot_set).

![Screenshot of the Mandelbrot Set visualzation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/mandelbrot.png)
### mp4tracks.cpp
List/delete tracks in MP4 file.
### plasma.c
Plasma special effect implementation.
### pong.sh
PONG game written in bash.

![Screenshot of pong.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/pong_screenshot.png)
### prompt/
Small C program which draws a horizontal ruler style command prompt in bash.
### renamefat32compat.c
Rename file system trees so they can be copied onto a FAT32 fs.
### shell.c
Primitive shell.
### snake.sh
Snake game written in bash.

![Screenshot of snake.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/snake_screenshot.png)
### sp12.c
Firmware flasher for some Atmel uControllers. Uses the LPT port.
### synth.c
Simple music sequencer/synthesizer.
### tcprelay.c
A TCP passthrough which allows to monitor communication between two endpoints.
### tnamed.c
Maintains /etc/hosts file adding hostnames which are also running tnamed.
### touchscreen.c
Routines for touchscreen calibration and coordinate transformation.
### tone.c
Tone generator (selectable waveform and frequency).
### unixtime.c
Convert a time_t value into a human readable date.
### WebScreenStream
Start up an HTTP server which serves a "stream" of fullscreen screenshots with
an interval of ~500ms.
### xptrclick.c
X11 program which emulates a mouse click.
### xsetbg.c
Very flexible X11 background setter aimed at multi-monitor users.
### yt_ls_videos.py
Generate an HTML file with a list and links to all videos of a YouTube channel.

Commit message:

Move webscruffy from own repo to misc

README.md, after:

### 4x4_led_matrix/
Control program for a simple 4x4 LED matrix device connected through the LPT port.
### browse_tree/
Browser/explorer for MIB style (e.g. `net.inet.ip.ipsec-expire-acquire=30`) trees. Allows searching and making notes about tree nodes.
### clib/
Library of C routines.
### cupiechart/
Piechart widget for GTK2.

![Screenshot of cupiechart test program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/cupiechart/screenshot.png)
### cxxcgi/
POC of C++ look-alike to Java Server Pages.
### dotfiles/
Various settings files.
### filemanager/
Really simple GTK2 file manager.
### home.bin/
Useful utilities.
### iobound/
Linux program which lists processes and tells whether they are I/O or CPU
bound, based on the number of voluntary context switches compared to the number
of involuntary context switches.
### lisp/
Simple LISP interpreter written in C.
### pcspkr_play/
Play a melody on the PC-speaker.
### phpage/
Simple homepage/blog engine in PHP.
### py_portio/
Python module for accessing I/O ports on UNIX systems.
### tools/
Tools for working with source code.
### clock.sh
Screensaver for terminal: displays a clock bouncing off walls.
### digital_clock.c
Firmware for ATMega8 uController for driving a simple 7-segment clock device.
### echohostnamed.c
Listen on a TCP port, tell our hostname when someone connects. (See also findhost.c).
### embed_python_example.c
Example showing how to embed Python inerpreter into a C program.
### env.c
CGI program which shows it's environment and stdin.
### findhost.c
Scan network for a machine with a particular hostname. (See also echohostnamed.c).
### gol.c
Very simple Conway's Game of Life implementation in GTK2.
### gtk_ssh_askpass.c
Program for password enquery.
### license.template
A template for the license I use for my code.
### ljbbsmilies.user.js
Adds the ability to use phpBB style emoticons when posting or commenting on LiveJournal.com.
### mandelbrot.c
Visualization of the [Mandelbrot Set](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandelbrot_set).

![Screenshot of the Mandelbrot Set visualzation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/mandelbrot.png)
### mp4tracks.cpp
List/delete tracks in MP4 file.
### plasma.c
Plasma special effect implementation.
### pong.sh
PONG game written in bash.

![Screenshot of pong.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/pong_screenshot.png)
### prompt/
Small C program which draws a horizontal ruler style command prompt in bash.
### renamefat32compat.c
Rename file system trees so they can be copied onto a FAT32 fs.
### shell.c
Primitive shell.
### snake.sh
Snake game written in bash.

![Screenshot of snake.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/snake_screenshot.png)
### sp12.c
Firmware flasher for some Atmel uControllers. Uses the LPT port.
### synth.c
Simple music sequencer/synthesizer.
### tcprelay.c
A TCP passthrough which allows to monitor communication between two endpoints.
### tnamed.c
Maintains /etc/hosts file adding hostnames which are also running tnamed.
### touchscreen.c
Routines for touchscreen calibration and coordinate transformation.
### tone.c
Tone generator (selectable waveform and frequency).
### unixtime.c
Convert a time_t value into a human readable date.
### WebScreenStream
Start up an HTTP server which serves a "stream" of fullscreen screenshots with
an interval of ~500ms.
### webscruffy
A caching web server for [scruffy](https://github.com/aivarsk/scruffy).

![Screenshot of Webscruffy's UI](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slavc/misc/master/webscruffy/screenshot.png)
### xptrclick.c
X11 program which emulates a mouse click.
### xsetbg.c
Very flexible X11 background setter aimed at multi-monitor users.
### yt_ls_videos.py
Generate an HTML file with a list and links to all videos of a YouTube channel.
